Strings are collections of characters that are used to show blocks of text in
JavaScript.
Special values can be escaped by placing a backslash ( \ ) in front of them.
Strings have various properties and methods that provide information
about them.
The length property tells us how many characters there are in a string.
Strings can be concatenated (joined together) using the + operator

Numbers can be integers such as 2 or floats (decimals) such as 7.8,
although JavaScript doesn’t differentiate between them and just has a
single primitive data type of Number .
Numbers can be written in exponential notation such as 5e6 for five
million.
The arithmetic operations +, -, *, / and % can be applied to any two
numbers.
It’s possible to change strings to numbers and vice versa.
If you try to perform operations between a string and a number, JavaScript
will attempt to convert the type to complete the operation. This can cause
some inconsistent and unexpected results!
A random number between 0 and 1 is returned by the Math.random()
method.

Arrays are an ordered list of values.
An array literal is written using square brackets containing commaseparated values—such as [2,3,5,7] .
Arrays can contain any type of value—even other arrays!
The index is used to reference a specific item in an array. For example,
myArray[0] refers to the first item in myArray .
Multi-dimensional arrays are arrays that contain other arrays.
Arrays have many methods that can be used to add, remove and
manipulate items in the array.
The spread operator is used by placing an ellipsis of three dots in front of
an array. It has the effect of taking all the values out of the array and listing
them as separate values inside a new array

Booleans are primitive values that can only be true or false .
All values have an inherent Boolean value of true or false .
Truthy values are values that have a Boolean value of true . Most values
are truthy.
Falsy values have a Boolean value of false . The values that are falsy vary
in different languages. There are nine falsy values in JavaScript.
Negation makes truthy values false and falsy values true. Double negation
returns a value’s Boolean value.
Logical operators such as AND and OR can be used to combine multiple
statements.
Values can be compared to see if they’re equal, greater than or less than
other values.
A conditional statement can be used to control the flow of a program based on a condition.
The ternary operator is a concise way of writing an if–else statement in a
single line of code.
A switch statement can be used when there are multiple options.
