Named parameters can be reproduced in JavaScript using an object as the
parameter. This allows the arguments to be provided as properties of the
object in any order.
The rest parameter allows any number of values to be provided to a
function as an array.
Recursive functions are functions that continually call themselves until a
certain condition is reached.
The scope of a variable determines where and how that variable can be
accessed.
Functions declared using the function keyword are hoisted to the top of
the scope, meaning they can be called even before they’ve been defined.
Variables should be declared before they’re referred to.
A closure is formed when a function accesses a variable that has been
declared in the surrounding scope of the function. By returning the
function, we can maintain access to the variable outside the scope it was
declared in.
Functional programming is a style of programming that combines pure
functions that perform a single task in order to perform more complex
tasks.
Pure functions shouldn’t reference anything outside the scope of the
function that has not been supplied as an argument, and they shouldn’t
cause side effects by changing anything outside the scope of the function.
They should have referential transparency, which means that, given the
same arguments, they should return the same value.
Higher-order functions accept functions as arguments and return
functions. They can be chained together to complete more complex
operations

Objects are copied by reference in JavaScript. To make a hard copy of an
object, you need to use the spread operator.
Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a programming concept that
involves keeping code in objects.
Encapsulation means that the inner workings of an object are kept away
from the users.
Polymorphism means that objects can share the same methods, but
implement them in different ways.
Inheritance means that a class can inherit all the properties and methods
from a parent class and then add their own, more specific properties and
methods, or change some of the properties and methods from those of the
parent class.
You can create classes in JavaScript using the class keyword. The class
describes the properties and methods that each instance of that class will
have.
The constructor function defined in the class is called whenever a new
instance of a class is created using the new keyword.

The UNIX epoch is an arbitrary date of January 1, 1970, that computer
languages use as a reference point to measure how much time has
elapsed.
Most programming languages have a Date object that allows you to store
dates and times in various formats.
The setTimeout() method calls a callback after a number of milliseconds
provided as an argument.
Asynchronous programming means that code can be executed out of
order. It stops long processes blocking the flow of code while the program
is waiting for them to complete.
The setInterval() method repeatedly calls a callback every time a given
time interval has passed.
JavaScript can be used to add interactivity to CSS animations.


Set up your coding environment by installing a text editor to write your
code in.
A style guide will help to ensure that your code is written in a consistent
style and is easy to read.
Tests will help to keep your code free from bugs and errors.
Version control such as Git can help to manage any changes to your code.
There’s still more JavaScript for you to learn, including web APIs and
modules.
JavaScript libraries such as jQuery, Lodash and date-fns provide methods
for making development easier.
Node.js lets you run JavaScript without a browser and develop server-side
applications.
There are lots of other programming languages that you can learn.
JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue and Svelte help to create user
interfaces that update in response to changes in the underlying data.
stack, making it the perfect language for full-stack development.
You can use JavaScript to build websites, web applications, games, phone
apps or desktop apps.
Your programming skills can be used to control just about anything around
the home, thanks to the Internet of Things.
Keep your knowledge up to date by reading books and articles, listening to
podcasts, watching videos and following develop
JavaScript can now be used to program every part of the web development

**tailwind part 1 (a great fresh start)

